 Here is a summary of the bullet points: 

Kanye West and Julia Fox had a brief romantic encounter. Kanye urinated on a wall in front of Fox, which she found romantic. Kanye offered to get Fox a boob job, which she declined. Kanye sent Fox an NDA after they stopped talking, which she refused to sign. Fox claims that their relationship was sexless. Kanye is now married to Bianca Censori. Fox is releasing a memoir about her experiences with Kanye. 

Warner Brothers Discovery is reportedly considering selling the company to Universal. Warner Brothers has been struggling financially and has not released a successful movie in the past year. Universal, on the other hand, has had a number of successful movies this year, including Oppenheimer, Fast and the Furious, Super Mario Brothers, Cocaine Bear, and Five Nights at Freddy's. Comcast, which owns Universal, is the largest media conglomerate in the United States. If Warner Brothers Discovery sells to Universal, it would further consolidate the media industry. This could lead to less creativity and higher prices for consumers. 

Jada Pinkett Smith is doing a press tour for her upcoming memoir titled "worthy". In the interview, she revealed that she and Will Smith have been separated since 2016. She also said that she thought the infamous "slapgate" incident at the Oscars was a skit at first. Jada also discussed her relationship with August Alsina, which she says was not an affair because she and Will were separated at the time. She also said that she has been struggling with suicidal ideation and that she has taken ayahuasca, which has helped her. Jada also revealed that her whole family has taken ayahuasca, including her children, Jaden and Willow. She also said that she believes that her family is being attacked by "stink bugs". Jada also discussed her relationship with Will Smith and said that she feels like she "settled" for him. She also said that she believes that the world is fake and that it is all a stage. 

In this episode of Pop Culture Crisis, the hosts discuss the following topics: 

Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith's relationship and the controversy surrounding it. 

The Johnny Depp and Amber Heard defamation trial. 

The new Marvel movies and TV shows. 

The drama surrounding the DC movies and TV shows. 

The latest celebrity gossip, including Kanye West and Julia Fox's relationship, and Johnny Depp's defamation trial. 

Andrew Tate made a video denigrating all Canadian men, Drake was offended. Andrew Tate gave $200,000 to Palestine for victims. Drake is taking time off to deal with gastrointestinal problems. Joe Budden denigrated Drake's new album, Drake responded angrily. Azealia Banks criticized Drake's response, called him a failure. Kanye West called Cardi B an industry plant, Azealia Banks defended Cardi B. Rap sales are down 40% this year, Juicy J wants to have a meeting to discuss it. Azealia Banks believes that drug use is a factor in the decline of rap music. Azealia Banks gave her best quote ever: "when you are fat everything you say or think is underlaid by the fact that you are fat". 

Megan Thee Stallion and Beyoncé's recent songs have been criticized for their misandry, with one critic calling for the "unaliving" of the entire male population. 

Larry Charles, the director of the movie "Dicks the Musical," made controversial statements about the movie and its target audience. The movie is a satirical and absurdist musical inspired by "The Parent Trap." Charles said that the movie is for people who are Trump supporters, anti-vaxxers, 9/11 truthers, and people who believe in a God that hates homosexuals. He also criticized big-budget films and the media monopoly system in the United States. 

"Will and Jada separated for years, Barbara Walters and Richard Pryor had an affair, and more!" 

Jada Pinkett Smith's new book, "Will," reveals that she and Will Smith have been separated since 2016. Jada Pinkett Smith claims that Chris Rock asked her out during the time that people thought she and Will Smith were going to divorce. Jada Pinkett Smith says that she thought Will Smith's slap of Chris Rock was a skit at first. Jada Pinkett Smith says that she and Will Smith are still married because they are "life partners." Diddy is accused of paying someone to kill the man who is charged with the murder of Keith D. More people are talking about Diddy's alleged involvement in the murder of Keith D than they are about his new album. Sherri Shepherd's new talk show, "Sherri," is getting good reviews. Saturday Night Live returns this Saturday with Pete Davidson as the host and Ice Spice as the musical guest. The long-awaited trailer for the new Color Purple movie